Docs: Moving IAM docs (#112559)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-access/configure-authentication/saml/_index.md

- Configure SAML using the [Grafana configuration file](#configure-saml-using-the-grafana-configuration-file)
- Configure SAML using the [SSO Settings API](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/developers/http_api/sso-settings/)
- Configure SAML using the [SAML user interface](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/setup-grafana/configure-access/configure-authentication/saml/saml-ui/)
- Configure SAML using the [Grafana Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/docs/resources/sso_settings)

If you are using Okta or Azure AD as Identity Provider, see the following documentation for configuration:

> - [Configure SAML with Azure AD](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/setup-grafana/configure-access/configure-authentication/saml/configure-saml-with-azuread/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configure SAML with Entra ID](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/setup-grafana/configure-access/configure-authentication/saml/configure-saml-with-azuread/)
```

If you are also using SCIM provisioning for this Grafana application in Azure AD, it's crucial to align the user identifiers between SAML and SCIM for seamless operation. The unique identifier that links the SAML user to the SCIM provisioned user is determined by the `assertion_attribute_external_uid` setting in the Grafana SAML configuration. This `assertion_attribute_external_uid` should correspond to the `externalId` used in SCIM provisioning (typically set to the Azure AD `user.objectid`).

1.  **Ensure Consistent Identifier in SAML Assertion:**

>     - The unique identifier from Azure AD (typically `user.objectid`) that you mapped to the `externalId` attribute in Grafana in your SCIM provisioning setup **must also be sent as a claim in the SAML assertion.** For more details on SCIM, refer to the [SCIM provisioning documentation](/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/setup-grafana/configure-access/configure-authentication/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The unique identifier from Entra ID (typically `user.objectid`) that you mapped to the `externalId` attribute in Grafana in your SCIM provisioning setup **must also be sent as a claim in the SAML assertion.** For more details on SCIM, refer to the [SCIM provisioning documentation](/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/setup-grafana/configure-access/configure-authentication/).
```
